
README (PiconLoader)

    Definition

        Automatic channel logo loading script for the Vu+ Duo2 satellite
        receiver.

    Details

        Some time ago, a good friend of mine who owns and uses such a Vu+ Duo2
        satellite receiver asked me, if it was possible to change the logos
        (called picons) of the channels in case the channel with the same
        number changes at a certain time.

        For example, on channel number 4, FooTV from 6:30 AM to 8:00 PM is on
        and outside this time, BarTV is. Both channels use the same number,
        but have different logos.

        The PiconLoader script changes the corresponding picons at a certain
        (user-defined) day, month or (quarter) hour.

        The project has been developed and tested on a Vu+ Duo2 satellite
        receiver, but should also work on similar devices. However, there is
        no guarantee for that.

    Important notice

        You need to have experience with the Liniux shell, 'vi' (not Vim, as
        it is not available on the system) for editing files, the dreamboxEDIT
        tool and with the receiver itself, of course. Otherwise, following the
        instructions of the how-to does not make any sense.

        You should also be aware of the fact that running commands on the
        shell of the device can lead to data loss, system crashes or even
        cause that the device does not boot anymore.

    Installation

        The instructions can be found inside the 'how-to' sub-directory.

    Contact

        If you have any suggestions, questions, bugs to report or feedback to
        give about the script let me know.

        Please do not ask me anything about the satellite receiver (as I don't
        have one myself) or the dreamboxEDIT software.

        You can contact me by sending an email to <dev@urbanware.org>.

        Due to the fact, that my projects are spare time projects, the email
        account is not being checked for mails regularly, but usually at least
        once a week.

